Include optional default value in strptime (#26667)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

- `as_datetime()` converts a string containing a timestamp, or valid UNIX timestamp, to a datetime object.
- `as_timestamp(value, default)` converts datetime object or string to UNIX timestamp. If that fails, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. This function can also be used as a filter.
- `as_local()` converts datetime object to local time. This function can also be used as a filter.

> - `strptime(string, format, default)` parses a string based on a [format](https://docs.python.org/3.8/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior) and returns a datetime object. If that fails, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `strptime(string, format, default)` parses a string based on a [format](https://docs.python.org/3.10/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior) and returns a datetime object. If that fails, it returns the `default` value or, if omitted, raises an error.
```
